How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

Viewing a diff  (diff -u) allowed me only to look at the lines of code that had changed, not at the entire file.  It is extremely useful.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?
If I have access to the entire history of a file, I can see the progression of changes and not just the end product.  If something isn't working, I can go back to the old version to see how it worked and what was different.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

pros of google docs
	changes are immediately committed so you don't lose anything
pros of git
	manually choosing allows you to save different versions that you can go back to and gives you a lot more control. 
	It allows you to only commit when you want to, such as implementing a new feature, a bug fix.   

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?	
git allows you to save multiple files with one commit because a project is usually comprised of more than one file.  This way, you can save the entire project, not just one file at a given moment.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log displays the committed snapshots of your project.n 
git diff shows the differences between your working directory file and the index
the commits are listed in reverse order.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

I would feel much more confident to take chances and try new coding techniques and ideas if I have a very detailed and consistent way to access the previous commits.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I will try and use git for all of my xcode projects.
